Unity: Expanded the native symbols upload (#4346)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/unity/native-support.mdx

Native support is `enabled` by default. The Unity SDK passes the options defined through the Sentry Unity Editor window during build time. For Android, it embeds the [Android SDK](/platforms/android/) inside the Gradle project created by Unity. The [iOS SDK](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/) is embedded inside the generated Xcode project. This means there's no need to use the Unity [built-in crash reporting](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/CrashReport.html) functionality.

You can opt out of native support by unchecking `iOS Native Support` and `Android Native Support` in the configuration window.

## Debug Symbols

> Sentry requires [debugs information files](platforms/android/data-management/debug-files/) to symbolicate your crash logs. Our Unity SDK does not yet support the automated upload of debug symbols, but since it's using other Sentry SDKs this can be set up manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry requires [debug information files](/platforms/android/data-management/debug-files/) to symbolicate your crash logs. Our Unity SDK does not yet support the automated upload of debug symbols, but since it's using other Sentry SDKs, this can be set up manually.
```

> After downloading and installing [sentry-cli](/product/cli/installation/) you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After downloading and installing [sentry-cli](/product/cli/installation/), you can run:
```

```bash
sentry-cli --auth-token YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN upload-dif --org ___ORG_SLUG___ --project ___PROJECT_SLUG___ PATH_TO_SYMBOLS
```

<Note>

You can [create the Auth Token here](https://sentry.io/api/).

</Note>

### Android

> To upload debug symbols for Android all you have to do is to make sure `Create symbols.zip` is enabled in the build settings. Unity will generate them in the same directory as the build output and sentry-cli accepts .zip files. Check out our [Android documentation](/platforms/android/proguard/) for more details.

Reviewer: We want to avoid language that might imply something is easy to do ("all you have to do"). I know that's not exactly what we're saying, but I just want to be careful. 

```suggestion
To upload debug symbols for Android, just make sure `Create symbols.zip` is enabled in the build settings. Unity will generate them in the same directory as the build output, and sentry-cli accepts .zip files. Check out our [Android documentation](/platforms/android/proguard/) for more details.
```

Author: Thanks for pointing that out. I'll keep it in mind in the future.

### iOS

> Debug information files on the iOS platform are called dSYM and the way to optain them differs depending on whether `Enable Bitcode` is set to true in your Xcode project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debug information files on the iOS platform are called dSYM, and the way to obtain them differs depending on whether `Enable Bitcode` is set to `true` in your Xcode project.
```

> With Bitcode disabled make sure the `Debug Information Format` is set to `DWARF with dSYM file`. When building the game Xcode will then place the dSYM folders together with the build output and you can run the sentry-cli command there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Bitcode disabled, make sure the `Debug Information Format` is set to `DWARF with dSYM file`. When building the game, Xcode will then place the dSYM folders together with the build output and you can run the sentry-cli command there.
```

<Note>

By default the output path will look similar to: _~/Library/Developer/Xcode/DerivedData/BUILD_ID/Build/Products/BUILD_TYPE/_

> </Note>

Reviewer: Just wondering if this needs to be a note or if it should just be part of the plain text.

> With Bitcode enabled please refer to our [iOS documentation](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/dsym/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have Bitcode enabled, please refer to our [iOS documentation](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/dsym/).
```
